[CELEBORN-1477] Using openapi-generator `apache-httpclient` library instead of `jersey2` (#2641)
apache/celeborn: openapi/openapi-client/README.md

# Celeborn OpenApi Client

To update the Openapi specification
- just update the specification under `openapi/openapi-client/src/main/openapi3/` and keep the schema definitions consistent between master and worker.

> - Install JDK11 by whatever mechanism is appropriate for your system, and set that version to be the default Java version (e.g., by setting env variable JAVA_HOME)

Author: changed to JDK11+.

JDK17 works, JDK21 should work as well

- run the following:
  ```sh

>   build/mvn -pl openapi/openapi-client clean package -Popenapi-generate

Reviewer: Does this mean that currently we only support using `mvn` to generate the `openapi-client` source code? Are there any plans to add `sbt` support?

Author: sure, we can support sbt as well, with jdk11+ and same openapi generator plugin version

Author: I have setup the sbt build. @cfmcgrady

# Celeborn OpenAPI Client

To update the OpenAPI specification
- just update the specification under `openapi/openapi-client/src/main/openapi3/` and keep the schema definitions consistent between master and worker.

> - Install JDK11+ by whatever mechanism is appropriate for your system, and set that version to be the default Java version (e.g., by setting env variable JAVA_HOME)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Install JDK 11 or above by whatever mechanism is appropriate for your system, and set that version to be the default Java version (e.g., by setting env variable `JAVA_HOME`)
```
